dbt State updates (#9321)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/dbt-state-about.md

dbt State can reuse all node types that create relations in the database (such as models, snapshots, seeds) and data tests.

> dbt State works across all environments and orchestrators &mdash; with <Constant name="core" /> v1.7+, the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, and the <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> &mdash; but requires authentication either through a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account or a [standalone dbt State account](https://app.state.dbt.com). For pricing details, see [dbt State usage and pricing](/docs/platform/billing#dbt-state-usage).

Author: ```suggestion
dbt State works across all environments and orchestrators &mdash; with <Constant name="core" /> v1.7+, the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, and the <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> &mdash; but requires authentication either through a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account or a [standalone dbt State account](https://app.state.dbt.com). For pricing details, refer to [dbt State usage and pricing](/docs/platform/billing#dbt-state-usage).
```
